Update Router.md (#210)
pg-sharding/spqr: docs/Router.md

## Configuration

> All SPQR configurations can be written in json, yaml or toml format. See examples in [config-example](../example/) or [pkg/config/router.go](../pkg/config/router.go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All SPQR configurations can be written in json, yaml or toml format. See examples in [this directory](../examples/) or [pkg/config/router.go](../pkg/config/router.go)
```
